Update sys-req.md (#1461)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: mppm/sys-req.md

---
id: sys-req
title: System requirements and compatibility
title: Compatibility
---

> The Multiplayer Play Mode package requires the following:

Reviewer: Does the removal of this section mean there are no version requirements for Multiplayer Play Mode?

Author: There are visible inconsistencies between https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/mppm/current/about/ and https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/mppm/current/sys-req/. For some reason, it seems it was not caught. This PR is to fix this.

> Multiplayer Play Mode can be used with any Netcode solutions.

Author: What is the policy between passive vs active sentences ? It seems like in all the doc from the engine, the passive voice is used.

> Multiplayer Play Mode can be used with any Netcode solutions.

Author: I see. If it's the policy, I'll accept the change. Thanks Vic !

> It however reveals further capabilities when combined with some of the following multiplayer packages and services: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiplayer Play Mode also contains features that integrate with the following multiplayer packages and services: 
```
